Only use CSS filter for raster logos, not SVGs (#632)
primer/brand: .changeset/happy-ducks-jump.md

---
'@primer/brand-primitives': patch
'@primer/react-brand': patch
---

> Style `LogoSuite` logos differently depending on their format. Images using the `<img>` tag will be styled with a CSS filter, whereas inline SVGs will be styled with CSS fill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partial revert of changes to the `LogoSuite` logobar elements.

To allow optimal treatment of logos based on their respective file formats, `<img>` tag will continue be styled with a CSS filter, whereas inline `<svg>` elements will be styled with CSS fill.
```
